Names:
utlns:

Answer the questions below, and submit your answers under the assignment
"gerp Design Checkoff" on Gradescope. You must sign up for a design checkoff
slot with a TA to discuss your provided answers (see spec for sign up link).
Make sure to submit this file *prior* to your design checkoff.

For each question, give as much detail as you feel is necessary.

1. What classes and structs will you implement for your program? For each class,
   provide a list of public functions of that class; for each struct, provide a
   list of member variables.

Answer:
        
2. Describe the index that you will build for querying. What specific data
   structures will you use to build this index? *Important*: Bring an
   accompanying drawing of your index structure when you come to your checkoff.

Answer:

3. To use your index, you will use something for lookup (the key) and you will
   get some associated data back (the value). What are the C++ *types* of your
   index's key and value? Examples of valid types: int, string,
   vector<string>, vector<list<string>>; you may also define custom types using
   structs/classes, e.g., Animal and vector<Animal> are valid types if you
   define a struct/class named Animal. If your key/value types involve custom
   classes/structs, they should be included in your answer to question #1.
                
Answer:

   Key type:
   Value type:         

4. Explain what a collision is versus having multiple lines associated with 
   a particular word. Write (and/or draw) out an example of when a 
   collision occurs. Write (and/or draw) out an example of when multiple 
   lines associated with a single word. 

Answer:

5. What do you expect the *space* complexity of your index will be? How many
   times will a single line be stored according to your data structures?

Answer:

6. What is the time complexity of *building* your index? If you refer to some
   variable, be sure to specify what the variable refers to, e.g., in "O(n)",
   state explicitly what "n" is.

Answer:
                
7. What is the time complexity of *using* your index for lookup? As above,
   be specific about variables you use.

Answer:

8. How will you handle case-sensitive search?
   What is the time complexity (should be close to O(1))?

Answer: For case-sensitive search, we strip the query with stripNonAlphaNum and 
look it up in table, where words were stored as originals (ex."COMP" and "comp" 
were inserted as separate keys). The time complexity is O(1). 

9. How will you handle case-insensitive search?
   What is the time complexity (should be close to O(1))?

Answer: For case-insensitive search, we strip the query with stripNonAlphaNum 
and then lowercase every character. We then look up this lowercased key. At 
build time, every word was also lowercased before insertion into this table
(ex. "COMP", "Comp", and "comp" all map to the single key "comp"). The time 
complexity is essentially O(1). 

10. How are you handling duplicate words within a line? Consider these two example 
   lines: 

      (i) the cat and the dog 
      (ii) the cat and THE dog 

   If a user does a case sensitive query on line (i) it should report 'the' only 
   once by showing the line only once in the output. How will you do this? 

   If a user does a case insensitive query on line (ii) it should report 'the' 
   only once by showing the line only once in the output. How will you do this? 

Answer:

11. How will you test your implementation and what specific evidence of testing
    will you submit?

Answer: We will test at multiple levels. First, we will unit test 
stripNonAlphaNum with a set of cases including empty strings, strings with only 
non-alphanumeric characters, etc.. Next, we will unit test traverseDirectory by 
constructing a small DirNode tree and verifying that the printed paths are 
correct. Next, we will unit test the class by inserting a set of words and 
verifying that they return the correctly. For full testing, we will run ./gerp 
with a file and manually verify each line of output. We will then run the same 
query file against ./the_gerp, sort both output files, and diff them to confirm 
they match exactly. We will also test edge cases. 

12. What is your schedule for completing this assignment? Include specific dates
    and the tasks that you would like to accomplish by each date. Do not forget
    testing!

Answer: 